Create search-listing.md (#269)
PrestaShop/prestashop-specs: content/1.7/back-office/shop-parameters/search/search-listing.md

---
title: Search listing
weight: 1
---

# Search listing

> The "Search" page enables to configure the shop's search features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The "Search" page allows to configure the shop's search features.
```

## Call to action
 
A call to actions is displayed in the header of this page:
 
  - Add new alias

👉 See the [specs of the add/edit alias](./add-edit-alias.md) 

## Settings wheel

> When clicking on the settings wheel, the following options are displayed:

Reviewer: There is also a button to import

1. Refresh list

After clicking on it, the page is reloaded. Sorts and searches are kept.

2. Show SQL query

After clicking on it, the SQL query is displayed in a modal. The SQL query takes into account filters and sorts that have been done.

There are two buttons:

- Close: After clicking on it, the modal is closed
- Export to SQL Manager: After clicking on it, the SQL query is opened in Advanced parameters > Database > SQL Manager

3. Export to SQL Manager

After clicking on it, the SQL query is opened in Advanced parameters > Database > SQL Manager

## Columns

 The page displays the aliases list with the following columns:

1. Aliases

Name of the aliases

2.  Search

Result of the alias 

3. Status

> Checkmark if the alias is enabled or disabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The alias can be enabled or disabled
```

5. Actions

- **Edit.** This is the main action and it can be performed by clicking on the line or on the button. 
👉 See the [specs of the add/edit alias](./add-edit-alias.md) 

- **Delete.** The alias can be deleted by clicking on this button. After clicking on "Delete", a modal with the title "Delete selection" is opened asking to confirm or cancel the  action: "Are you sure you want to delete the selected item(s)?"
  The action can be canceled by clicking on the cross or on the cancel button.

>   After clicking on "Delete" button, the tag is deleted and a successful message is displayed "Successful deletion."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  After clicking on "Delete" button, the alias is deleted and a successful message is displayed "Successful deletion."
```

  
 ## Bulk actions

> Clicking on the _Bulk actions_ button allows users to perform bulk actions for selected feature values (using the checkboxes). A user can:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clicking on the _Bulk actions_ button allows users to perform bulk actions for selected aliases (using the checkboxes). A user can:
```

- Select all/Unselect all: this button will select/unselect all the checkboxes at the beginning of each row of the listing.

> - Enable selection. Enables the selected alias, changes the status to green check mark. If no alias is selected when pressing "enable selection" the message is shown: "You must select at least one item to perform a bulk action." If an alias is selected, and "enable" is pressed, the message is shown: "The status has been successfully updated." and check mark is changed to a green one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enable selection. Enables the selected alias, changes the status to a green check mark. If no alias is selected when pressing "enable selection" the message is shown: "You must select at least one item to perform a bulk action." If an alias is selected, and "enable" is pressed, the message is shown: "The status has been successfully updated." and check mark is changed to a green one.
```

> - Disable selection. Disables the selected alias, changes the status to red cross mark. If no alias is selected when pressing "disable selection" the message is shown: "You must select at least one item to perform a bulk action." If an alias is selected, and "disable selection" is pressed, the message is shown: "The status has been successfully updated." and check mark is changed to a red cross.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Disable selection. Disables the selected alias, changes the status to a red cross mark. If no alias is selected when pressing "disable selection" the message is shown: "You must select at least one item to perform a bulk action." If an alias is selected, and "disable selection" is pressed, the message is shown: "The status has been successfully updated." and the check mark is changed to a red cross.
```

- Delete selected: This button will delete the selected alias. 
After clicking on "Delete selected", a modal with the title "Delete selection" is opened asking to confirm or cancel the action: "Are you sure you want to delete the selected item(s)?" (See issue [#14462](https://github.com/PrestaShop/PrestaShop/issues/14462)). The action can be canceled by clicking on the cross or on the cancel button.

> After clicking on "Delete" button, the selected feature values are deleted, a successful message is displayed "The selection has been successfully deleted."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After clicking on "Delete" button, the selected aliases are deleted, a successful message is displayed "The selection has been successfully deleted."
```

 ## Search
 

> The search button is disabled as long as there are less than 2 alias  in the list. A search can be done by aliases, search, and status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The search button is disabled as long as there are less than 2 aliases in the list. A search can be done by aliases, search, and status.
```

Reviewer: For status, it's not a search bar but a drop-down

It's possible to sort the list by aliases, search in an ascending or descending way.
After clicking on "search", the "search" button is disabled and a "reset" button is displayed.
If there is no results for the search done, the following message is displayed: "No records found".
When clicking on "reset", the search is removed and all the results are displayed.

>  ## Indexing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Indexing
```

Reviewer: I let you improve this part to make it more easier to read (add line breaks)
<img width="1068" alt="Capture d’écran 2021-11-26 à 15 01 50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13449658/143592283-27ef7d42-14bc-415d-8feb-ade2758a54ce.png">

> This section provides information on the number of products that can be searched through shop's search function, and compares it to the number of products present in the catalog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section provides information on the number of products that can be searched through the shop's search bar of the front office, and compares it to the number of products present in the catalog.
```

> Firstly an explanation is shown: "The "indexed" products have been analyzed by PrestaShop and will appear in the results of a front office search.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Firstly, an explanation is displayed: "The "indexed" products have been analyzed by PrestaShop and will appear in the results of a front office search."
```

> Indexed products 18 / 18." (the number depends on the products which are in the shop, and are indexed).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The number of products indexed and the number of products in the shop is displayed: "Indexed products 18 / 18." (the number depends on the products which are indexed and which are in the shop).
```

> Below folows: "Building the product index may take a few minutes. If your server stops before the process ends, you can resume the indexing by clicking "Add missing products to the index"."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below, the following message is displayed: "Building the product index may take a few minutes. If your server stops before the process ends, you can resume the indexing by clicking "Add missing products to the index"."
```

> Below there are 2 links that when pressed performs the following actions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below there are 2 links that performs the following actions when clicked:
```

>  -Add missing products to the index - only the new products will be indexed. Also when pressed, the page will be refreshed, and a message shown: "Successful update."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 -"Add missing products to the index" : only the new products will be indexed. After clicking on it, the page is refreshed, and the following message is displayed: "Successful update."
```

>  -Re-build the entire index - the "Re-build entire index" process takes more time, but it is more thorough.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 -"Re-build the entire index" : the "Re-build entire index" process takes more time, but it is more thorough.
```

Reviewer: It's not really helpful to know that it takes more time, furthermore, this can depend on a lot of things (server, connection ....). I think you can remove this part and rather explain what happens when clicking on it: all the products are indexed and not only the missing ones compared to the previous link

> Below it is written: You can set a cron job that will rebuild your index using the following URL: (a full link of the shop and the directory you are in is shown)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below, the following message is displayed : "You can set a cron job that will rebuild your index using the following URL:" 
```

> Currently used shop URL which is shown: " http://localhost/presta1781/admin040gp2f9r/index.php?controller=AdminSearch&action=searchCron&ajax=1&full=1&token=yruOjDwR&id_shop=1"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A link to the AdminSearch controller is displayed: "http://localhost/presta1781/admin/index.php?controller=AdminSearch&action=searchCron&ajax=1&full=1&token=yruOjDwR&id_shop=1" (the link depends on the shop domain name and admin folder's name)
```

> Below there is a toggle switch for indexing, can be turned "on" or "off". Has an explanation for it: "Enable the automatic indexing of products. If you enable this feature, the products will be indexed in the search automatically when they are saved. If the feature is disabled, you will have to index products manually by using the links provided in the field set."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below, a toggle "Indexing" allows to enable or disable the automatic indexing of products.
The following help text is displayed: "Enable the automatic indexing of products. If you enable this feature, the products will be indexed in the search automatically when they are saved. If the feature is disabled, you will have to index products manually by using the links provided in the field set."
```

Reviewer: What is the default status of the toggle ?

>  ## Search

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Search
```

> Firsly a message is presented: "We are thrilled to introduce you to the fuzzy search, one of the new features from 1.7.7! Please note that it is still in beta version, so feel free to share improvement ideas on GitHub to have it enhanced."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Firstly, an information message is displayed: "We are thrilled to introduce you to the fuzzy search, one of the new features from 1.7.7! Please note that it is still in beta version, so feel free to share improvement ideas on GitHub to have it enhanced."
```

Below there are 2 links:
 - [Signaler un problème sur GitHub](https://github.com/PrestaShop/PrestaShop/issues/new/choose)
 - [Proposer une idée d'amélioration sur GitHub](https://github.com/PrestaShop/PrestaShop/issues/new/choose)

> Below are the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Below, the following toggle and fields are displayed:
```

>  - "Search within word" toggle switch, can be turned to "yes" or "no". Has an explanation below: "By default, to search for “blouse”, you have to enter “blous”, “blo”, etc (beginning of the word) – but not “lous” (within the word). With this option enabled, it also gives the good result if you search for “lous”, “ouse”, or anything contained in the word.". When hovered on the field, a message is shown: "Enable search within a whole word, rather than from its beginning only. It checks if the searched term is contained in the indexed word. This may be resource-consuming.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - "Search within word" : This toggle, can be enabled or disabled. The following help text is displayed: "By default, to search for “blouse”, you have to enter “blous”, “blo”, etc (beginning of the word) – but not “lous” (within the word). With this option enabled, it also gives the good result if you search for “lous”, “ouse”, or anything contained in the word.". 
The following tooltip is displayed: "Enable search within a whole word, rather than from its beginning only. It checks if the searched term is contained in the indexed word. This may be resource-consuming."
```

Reviewer: What is the default status of this toggle ?

Reviewer: FYI, the messages displayed below a field or toggle is called an help text.
And the messages displayed when you hover the label of a field or toggle is called a tooltip.
That's important to specify it.

>  - "Search exact end match" toggle switch, can be turned to "yes" or "no". Has an explanation below: "By default, if you search "book", you will have "book", "bookcase" and "bookend". With this option enabled, it only gives one result “book”, as exact end of the indexed word is matching." When hovered on the field, a message is shown: "Enable more precise search with the end of the word. It checks if the searched term is the exact end of the indexed word."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - "Search exact end match": This toggle can be enabled or disabled. The following help text is displayed: "By default, if you search "book", you will have "book", "bookcase" and "bookend". With this option enabled, it only gives one result “book”, as exact end of the indexed word is matching."
 
The following tooltip is displayed: "Enable more precise search with the end of the word. It checks if the searched term is the exact end of the indexed word."
```

Reviewer: Same here, specify help text and tooltip

>  - "Fuzzy search" toggle switch, can be turned to "yes" or "no". Has an explanation below: "By default, the fuzzy search is enabled. It means spelling errors are allowed, e.g. you can search for "bird" with words like "burd", "bard" or "beerd". Disabling this option will require exact spelling for the search to match results." When hovered on the field, a message is shown: "Enable approximate string matching".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - "Fuzzy search": This toggle, can be enabled or disabled. Has an explanation below: "By default, the fuzzy search is enabled. It means spelling errors are allowed, e.g. you can search for "bird" with words like "burd", "bard" or "beerd". Disabling this option will require exact spelling for the search to match results." When hovered on the field, a message is shown: "Enable approximate string matching".
```

Reviewer: Same here, specify help text and tooltip

> 

Reviewer: What is the behavior for the listing, the "indexing" and the "search" block when the multistore is enabled?

- Select all/Unselect all: this button will select/unselect all the checkboxes at the beginning of each row of the listing.
- Enable selection. If an alias is selected, and "enable selection" is pressed, the selected alias is enabled, the status is changed to a green checkmark and a successful message is displayed: "The status has been successfully updated." 
- Disable selection. If an alias is selected, and "disable selection" is pressed, the selected alias is disabled, the status is changed to a red cross and a successful message is displayed: "The status has been successfully updated."
- Delete selected: This button will delete the selected alias. 
After clicking on "Delete selected", a modal with the title "Delete selection" is opened asking to confirm or cancel the action: "Are you sure you want to delete the selected item(s)?" (See issue [#14462](https://github.com/PrestaShop/PrestaShop/issues/14462)). The action can be canceled by clicking on the cross or on the cancel button.
After clicking on "Delete" button, the selected aliases are deleted, a successful message is displayed "The selection has been successfully deleted."

 ## Search
 

> The search button is disabled as long as there are less than 2 aliases in the list. A search can be done by aliases, search, and status (drop-down menu).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The search button is disabled as long as there are less than 2 aliases in the list. 

A search can be done by aliases, search, and status (drop-down menu).
```

> It's possible to sort the list by aliases or by search in an ascending or descending way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

It's possible to sort the list by aliases or by search in an ascending or descending way.
```

  # Indexing
 
This section provides information on the number of products that can be searched through the shop's search bar of the front office, and compares it to the number of products present in the catalog.

Firstly, an explanation is displayed: "The "indexed" products have been analyzed by PrestaShop and will appear in the results of a front office search."
The number of products indexed and the number of products in the shop is displayed: "Indexed products 18 / 18." (the number depends on the products which are indexed and which are in the shop).

Below, the following message is displayed: "Building the product index may take a few minutes. If your server stops before the process ends, you can resume the indexing by clicking "Add missing products to the index"."

Below there are 2 links that performs the following actions when clicked:
 -"Add missing products to the index" : only the new products will be indexed. After clicking on it, the page is refreshed, and the following message is displayed: "Successful update."
 - "Re-build the entire index": when clicking on it, all the products are indexed (and not only the missing ones compared to the previous link)

> Below, the following message is displayed : "You can set a cron job that will rebuild your index using the following URL:" 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Below, the following message is displayed : "You can set a cron job that will rebuild your index using the following URL:" 
```

A link to the AdminSearch controller is displayed: "http://localhost/presta1781/admin/index.php?controller=AdminSearch&action=searchCron&ajax=1&full=1&token=yruOjDwR&id_shop=1" (the link depends on the shop domain name and admin folder's name)

Below, a toggle "Indexing" allows to enable or disable the automatic indexing of the products.

> The following help text is displayed: "Enable the automatic indexing of products. By default the toggle is enabled. If you enable this feature, the products will be indexed in the search automatically when they are saved. If the feature is disabled, you will have to index products manually by using the links provided in the field set."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following help text is displayed under the toggle: "Enable the automatic indexing of products. By default the toggle is enabled. If you enable this feature, the products will be indexed in the search automatically when they are saved. If the feature is disabled, you will have to index products manually by using the links provided in the field set."
```

 # Search
 
Firstly, an information message is displayed: "We are thrilled to introduce you to the fuzzy search, one of the new features from 1.7.7! Please note that it is still in beta version, so feel free to share improvement ideas on GitHub to have it enhanced."
Below there are 2 links:

 - [Signaler un problème sur GitHub](https://github.com/PrestaShop/PrestaShop/issues/new/choose)

 - [Proposer une idée d'amélioration sur GitHub](https://github.com/PrestaShop/PrestaShop/issues/new/choose)

Below, the following toggle and fields are displayed:

>   - "Search within word" : This toggle can be enabled or disabled. By default, the toggle is disabled. The following help text is displayed: "By default, to search for “blouse”, you have to enter “blous”, “blo”, etc (beginning of the word) – but not “lous” (within the word). With this option enabled, it also gives the good result if you search for “lous”, “ouse”, or anything contained in the word.". 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **Search within word** : This toggle can be enabled or disabled. By default, the toggle is disabled. 
 
 The following help text is displayed: "By default, to search for “blouse”, you have to enter “blous”, “blo”, etc (beginning of the word) – but not “lous” (within the word). With this option enabled, it also gives the good result if you search for “lous”, “ouse”, or anything contained in the word.". 
```

The following tooltip is displayed: "Enable search within a whole word, rather than from its beginning only. By default the toggle is set to "No". It checks if the searched term is contained in the indexed word. This may be resource-consuming."

>  - "Search exact end match": This toggle can be enabled or disabled. By default, the toggle is disabled. The following help text is displayed below: "By default, if you search "book", you will have "book", "bookcase" and "bookend". With this option enabled, it only gives one result “book”, as exact end of the indexed word is matching." 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Search exact end match**: This toggle can be enabled or disabled. By default, the toggle is disabled. 
The following help text is displayed below: "By default, if you search "book", you will have "book", "bookcase" and "bookend". With this option enabled, it only gives one result “book”, as exact end of the indexed word is matching." 
```

The following tooltip is displayed: "Enable more precise search with the end of the word. It checks if the searched term is the exact end of the indexed word."

 - "Fuzzy search": This toggle, can be enabled or disabled. By default, this toggle is enabled. A help text is displayed below: "By default, the fuzzy search is enabled. It means spelling errors are allowed, e.g. you can search for "bird" with words like "burd", "bard" or "beerd". Disabling this option will require exact spelling for the search to match results."  
The following tooltip is displayed: "Enable approximate string matching".

>  - "Maximum approximate words allowed by fuzzy search". This is the limitation for how many words the "fuzzy search" can handle. Only numbers can be entered in this field. When trying to input characters that are not numbers and when saving, the following error message is displayed: "The Maximum approximate words allowed by fuzzy search field is invalid."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Maximum approximate words allowed by fuzzy search**: This is the limitation for how many words the "fuzzy search" can handle. 
Only numbers can be entered in this field. When trying to input characters that are not numbers and when saving, the following error message is displayed: "The Maximum approximate words allowed by fuzzy search field is invalid."
```

The following tooltip is displayed: "Note that this option is resource-consuming: the more you search, the longer it takes."

>   - "Maximum word length (in characters)". This field is mandatory and allows to define how many characters are allowed to run a fuzzy search query. When trying to save and if the field is empty, the following error message is displayed: "field Maximum word length (in characters) is required." 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

  - **Maximum word length (in characters)**: This field is mandatory and allows to define how many characters are allowed to run a fuzzy search query. 
 When trying to save and if the field is empty, the following error message is displayed: "field Maximum word length (in characters) is required." 
```

Only numbers can be entered in this field. When trying to input characters that are not numbers and when saving, the following error message is displayed: "The Maximum word length (in characters) field is invalid."
A help text is displayed below the field: "This parameter will only be used if the fuzzy search is activated: the lower the value, the more tolerant your search will be.".
Also, a tooltip is displayed: "Only words fewer or equal to this maximum length will be searched."

>  - "Minimum word length (in characters)". It is possible to choose the minimum size at which a word may be registered in the search index and found the customers. Only numbers can be entered in this field. When trying to input characters that are not numbers and when saving, the following error message is displayed: "The Minimum word length (in characters) field is invalid." 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

 - **Minimum word length (in characters)**: It is possible to choose the minimum size at which a word may be registered in the search index and found the customers. 
Only numbers can be entered in this field. When trying to input characters that are not numbers and when saving, the following error message is displayed: "The Minimum word length (in characters) field is invalid." 
```

Also, a tooltip is displayed: "Only words this size or larger will be indexed."

>  - "Blacklisted words". It allows choosing the terms that must not be found by the shop visitors. A tooltip is displayed: "Please enter the index words separated by a".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Blacklisted words**: It allows choosing the terms that must not be found by the shop visitors. 
A tooltip is displayed: "Please enter the index words separated by a".
```

 # Weight
 
 PrestaShop enables to prioritize certain data when a search is performed on the shop.
 
 The following information is displayed in this section:
 
 "The "weight" represents its importance and relevance for the ranking of the products when completing a new search."
"A word with a weight of eight will have four times more value than a word with a weight of two."

"We advise you to set a greater weight for words which appear in the name or reference of a product. This will allow the search results to be as precise and relevant as possible."

"Setting a weight to 0 will exclude that field from search index. Re-build of the entire index is required when changing to or from 0."

First thing presented is a multistore toggle which can be turned "off" or "on".

The following fields are displayed:

>  - Product name weight: The default value for this field is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Product name weight: The default value for this field is 6
```

---
title: Search listing
weight: 1
---

# Search listing

The "Search" page allows configuring the shop's search features.

## Call to action
 
A call to actions is displayed in the header of this page:
 
  - Add new alias

👉 See the [specs of the add/edit alias](./add-edit-alias.md) 

## Settings wheel

When clicking on the settings wheel, the following options are displayed:

> 1. Add new

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

After clicking it, redirects to the page for adding a new alias.

2. Refresh list

After clicking on it, the page is reloaded. Sorts and searches are kept.

3. Import 

> After clicking it, redirects to advanced parameters > Import for importing files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After clicking on it, the Advanced parameters > Import page is opened.
```

4. Show SQL query

After clicking on it, the SQL query is displayed in a modal. The SQL query takes into account filters and sorts that have been done.

There are two buttons:

- Close: After clicking on it, the modal is closed
- Export to SQL Manager: After clicking on it, the SQL query is opened in Advanced parameters > Database > SQL Manager

5. Export to SQL Manager

After clicking on it, the SQL query is opened in Advanced parameters > Database > SQL Manager

## Columns

 The page displays the aliases list with the following columns:

1. Aliases

Name of the aliases

2.  Search

Result of the alias 

3. Status

Checkmark if the alias is enabled or disabled

5. Actions

- **Edit.** This is the main action and it can be performed by clicking on the line or on the button. 
👉 See the [specs of the add/edit alias](./add-edit-alias.md) 

- **Delete.** The alias can be deleted by clicking on this button. After clicking on "Delete", a modal with the title "Delete selection" is opened asking to confirm or cancel the  action: "Are you sure you want to delete the selected item(s)?"
  The action can be canceled by clicking on the cross or on the cancel button.

>   After clicking on "Delete" button, the tag is deleted and a successful message is displayed "Successful deletion."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  After clicking on "Delete" button, the alias is deleted and a successful message is displayed "Successful deletion."
```

  
 ## Bulk actions

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Bulk actions button is enabled only if at least one row of the list is selected.
```

> Clicking on the _Bulk actions_ button allows users to perform bulk actions for selected feature values (using the checkboxes). A user can:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clicking on the _Bulk actions_ button allows users to perform bulk actions for selected aliases (using the checkboxes). A user can:
```

- Select all/Unselect all: this button will select/unselect all the checkboxes at the beginning of each row of the listing.

> - Enable selection. Enables the selected alias, changes the status to green check mark. If no alias is selected when pressing "enable selection" the message is shown: "You must select at least one item to perform a bulk action." If an alias is selected, and "enable" is pressed, the message is shown: "The status has been successfully updated." and check mark is changed to a green one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enable selection. Enables the selected alias, changes the status to a green checkmark. If an alias is selected, and "enable" is pressed, the message is shown: "The status has been successfully updated." and the checkmark is changed to a green one.
```

> - Disable selection. Disables the selected alias, changes the status to red cross mark. If no alias is selected when pressing "disable selection" the message is shown: "You must select at least one item to perform a bulk action." If an alias is selected, and "disable selection" is pressed, the message is shown: "The status has been successfully updated." and check mark is changed to a red cross.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Disable selection. Disables the selected alias, changes the status to a red cross mark. If an alias is selected, and "disable selection" is pressed, the message is shown: "The status has been successfully updated." and the checkmark is changed to a red cross.
```

- Delete selected: This button will delete the selected alias. 
After clicking on "Delete selected", a modal with the title "Delete selection" is opened asking to confirm or cancel the action: "Are you sure you want to delete the selected item(s)?" (See issue [#14462](https://github.com/PrestaShop/PrestaShop/issues/14462)). The action can be canceled by clicking on the cross or on the cancel button.
After clicking on "Delete" button, the selected feature values are deleted, a successful message is displayed "The selection has been successfully deleted."

 ## Search
 
The search button is disabled as long as there are less than 2 aliases in the list. A search can be done by aliases, search, and status (drop-down menu).

> It's possible to sort the list by aliases, search in an ascending or descending way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's possible to sort the list by aliases or by search in an ascending or descending way.
```

After clicking on "search", the "search" button is disabled and a "reset" button is displayed.
If there is no results for the search done, the following message is displayed: "No records found".
When clicking on "reset", the search is removed and all the results are displayed.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Multistore

While creating or editing an alias, it's added or edited for all shops (no matter the context selected). So, the list displays all the aliases, no matter the context selected.
👉 See [the specs](../../../../../../broader-topics/multistorespecialsspecs.md#list-of-pages-for-specific-case-2-add-new-pages-without-shop-association-block)
```

Reviewer: The multistore behavior for the listing is missing

Reviewer: I reopen this suggestion, it's not solved

  # Indexing
 
This section provides information on the number of products that can be searched through the shop's search bar of the front office, and compares it to the number of products present in the catalog.

Firstly, an explanation is displayed: "The "indexed" products have been analyzed by PrestaShop and will appear in the results of a front office search."
The number of products indexed and the number of products in the shop is displayed: "Indexed products 18 / 18." (the number depends on the products which are indexed and which are in the shop).

Below, the following message is displayed: "Building the product index may take a few minutes. If your server stops before the process ends, you can resume the indexing by clicking "Add missing products to the index"."

Below there are 2 links that performs the following actions when clicked:

>   -"Add missing products to the index" : only the new products will be indexed. After clicking on it, the page is refreshed, and the following message is displayed: "Successful  update."

Reviewer: You should add a space before the "-" to make a list, otherwise it's impossible to read:

<img width="1043" alt="Capture d’écran 2021-11-30 à 18 25 21" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13449658/144096916-23d5a9e6-815a-48a2-8527-abe1e458ed02.png">

>   -"Add missing products to the index" : only the new products will be indexed. After clicking on it, the page is refreshed, and the following message is displayed: "Successful  update."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  -"Add missing products to the index" : only the new products will be indexed. After clicking on it, the page is refreshed, and the following message is displayed: "Successful update."
```

>  -Re-build the entire index - the "Re-build entire index", when clicking on it: all the products are indexed and not only the missing ones compared to the previous link

Reviewer: You should add a space before the "-" to make a list, otherwise it's impossible to read:

<img width="1043" alt="Capture d’écran 2021-11-30 à 18 25 21" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13449658/144096916-23d5a9e6-815a-48a2-8527-abe1e458ed02.png">
```suggestion
 -Re-build the entire index - the "Re-build entire index", when clicking on it: all the products are indexed and not only the missing ones compared to the previous link
```

>  -Re-build the entire index - the "Re-build entire index", when clicking on it: all the products are indexed and not only the missing ones compared to the previous link

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - "Re-build the entire index": when clicking on it, all the products are indexed (and not only the missing ones compared to the previous link)
```

Below, the following message is displayed : "You can set a cron job that will rebuild your index using the following URL:" 

> 

Reviewer: Please add line space, the whole paragraph below is too hard to read.

<img width="1043" alt="Capture d’écran 2021-11-30 à 18 35 40" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13449658/144098682-d2a60986-32d8-410e-94f3-4cbf16faea47.png">

Reviewer: I reopen this suggestion, it's not solved

A link to the AdminSearch controller is displayed: "http://localhost/presta1781/admin/index.php?controller=AdminSearch&action=searchCron&ajax=1&full=1&token=yruOjDwR&id_shop=1" (the link depends on the shop domain name and admin folder's name)

> Below, a toggle "Indexing" allows to enable or disable the automatic indexing of products.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below, a toggle "Indexing" allows to enable or disable the automatic indexing of the products.
```

The following help text is displayed: "Enable the automatic indexing of products. If you enable this feature, the products will be indexed in the search automatically when they are saved. If the feature is disabled, you will have to index products manually by using the links provided in the field set."

> By default the toggle is set to "yes".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default the toggle is enabled.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Multistore

In a multistore context, the options listed above have [checkboxes](https://github.com/PrestaShop/PrestaShop/issues/19369) and [specific settings drop-down](https://github.com/PrestaShop/PrestaShop/issues/19321), take a look at the conditions and specs [here](https://github.com/PrestaShop/prestashop-specs/blob/master/content/1.7/back-office/multistoregeneralspecs.md#checkboxes)
```

Reviewer: I reopen this suggestion, it's not solved

 # Search
 
Firstly, an information message is displayed: "We are thrilled to introduce you to the fuzzy search, one of the new features from 1.7.7! Please note that it is still in beta version, so feel free to share improvement ideas on GitHub to have it enhanced."

> Below there are 2 links:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Below there are 2 links:
```

 - [Signaler un problème sur GitHub](https://github.com/PrestaShop/PrestaShop/issues/new/choose)
 - [Proposer une idée d'amélioration sur GitHub](https://github.com/PrestaShop/PrestaShop/issues/new/choose)
Below, the following toggle and fields are displayed:

>   - "Search within word" : This toggle, can be enabled or disabled. The following help text is displayed: "By default, to search for “blouse”, you have to enter “blous”, “blo”, etc (beginning of the word) – but not “lous” (within the word). With this option enabled, it also gives the good result if you search for “lous”, “ouse”, or anything contained in the word.". 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - "Search within word" : This toggle, can be enabled or disabled. By default the toggle is set to "No". The following help text is displayed: "By default, to search for “blouse”, you have to enter “blous”, “blo”, etc (beginning of the word) – but not “lous” (within the word). With this option enabled, it also gives the good result if you search for “lous”, “ouse”, or anything contained in the word.". 
```

The following tooltip is displayed: "Enable search within a whole word, rather than from its beginning only. It checks if the searched term is contained in the indexed word. This may be resource-consuming."

> By default the toggle is set to "No".

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Reviewer: It's more logical to put this at the begining

>  - "Search exact end match" toggle switch, can be turned to "yes" or "no". Has an explanation below: "By default, if you search "book", you will have "book", "bookcase" and "bookend". With this option enabled, it only gives one result “book”, as exact end of the indexed word is matching." 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - "Search exact end match": This toggle can be enabled or disabled. Has an explanation below: "By default, if you search "book", you will have "book", "bookcase" and "bookend". With this option enabled, it only gives one result “book”, as exact end of the indexed word is matching." 
```

Reviewer: Please specify help text, tooltip and the default status of the toggle.

The following tooltip is displayed: "Enable more precise search with the end of the word. It checks if the searched term is the exact end of the indexed word."

> By default the toggle is set to "No".

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Reviewer: It's more logical to put this at the beginning when you say that it can be enabled or disabled.

>  - "Fuzzy search": This toggle, can be enabled or disabled. Has an explanation below: "By default, the fuzzy search is enabled. It means spelling errors are allowed, e.g. you can search for "bird" with words like "burd", "bard" or "beerd". Disabling this option will require exact spelling for the search to match results." 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - "Fuzzy search": This toggle, can be enabled or disabled. By default, this toggle is enabled. A help text is displayed below: "By default, the fuzzy search is enabled. It means spelling errors are allowed, e.g. you can search for "bird" with words like "burd", "bard" or "beerd". Disabling this option will require exact spelling for the search to match results." 
```

The following tooltip is displayed: "Enable approximate string matching".

> By default this toggle is set to "Yes".

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Reviewer: It's more logical to put this at the beginning when you say that it can be enabled or disabled.

>  - "Maximum approximate words allowed by fuzzy search". This is the limitation for how many words the "fuzzy search" can handle. Only numbers can be entered in this field. When trying to input anything that is not numbers, will show the message: "The Maximum approximate words allowed by fuzzy search field is invalid."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - "Maximum approximate words allowed by fuzzy search". This is the limitation for how many words the "fuzzy search" can handle. Only numbers can be entered in this field. When trying to input characters that are not a number, the following error message is displayed: "The Maximum approximate words allowed by fuzzy search field is invalid."
```

Reviewer: There is also a tooltip for this field

The following tooltip is displayed: "Note that this option is resource-consuming: the more you search, the longer it takes."

>  - "Maximum word length (in characters)". This option defines how many characters you allow to run a fuzzy search query. This field is mandatory, when trying to fill it out when it is not filled out, shows the message: "field Maximum word length (in characters) is required." The field also can be filled only with characters, if any other symbol will be entered, when trying to save, will show the message: "The Maximum word length (in characters) field is invalid."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - "Maximum word length (in characters)". This field is mandatory and allows to define how many characters are allowed to run a fuzzy search query. When trying to save and if the field is empty, the following error message is displayed: "field Maximum word length (in characters) is required." 
Only numbers can be entered in this field. When trying to input characters that are not numbers, the following error message is displayed:: "The Maximum word length (in characters) field is invalid."
```

> An explanation below is shown: "This parameter will only be used if the fuzzy search is activated: the lower the value, the more tolerant your search will be.".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An help text is displayed below the field: "This parameter will only be used if the fuzzy search is activated: the lower the value, the more tolerant your search will be.".
```

> Also a tooltip is displayed: "Only words fewer or equal to this maximum length will be searched."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, a tooltip is displayed: "Only words fewer or equal to this maximum length will be searched."
```

>  - "Minimum word length (in characters)". It is possible to choose the minimum size at which a word may be registered in the search index and found the customers. Field only accepts characters, if any other symbol is input, when trying to save, shows the following message: "The Minimum word length (in characters) field is invalid." 

Reviewer: I don't understand why you are talking about customers?

Reviewer: I reopen this question, it's not answered

>  - "Minimum word length (in characters)". It is possible to choose the minimum size at which a word may be registered in the search index and found the customers. Field only accepts characters, if any other symbol is input, when trying to save, shows the following message: "The Minimum word length (in characters) field is invalid." 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - "Minimum word length (in characters)". It is possible to choose the minimum size at which a word may be registered in the search index and found the customers. Only numbers can be entered in this field. When trying to input characters that are not numbers, the following error message is displayed: "The Minimum word length (in characters) field is invalid." 
```

> Also has a tooltip: "Only words this size or larger will be indexed."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, has a tooltip: "Only words this size or larger will be indexed."
```

>  - "Blacklisted words". It allows to choose the terms that must not be found by the shop visitors. Has a tooltip: "Please enter the index words seperated by a".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - "Blacklisted words". It allows choosing the terms that must not be found by the shop visitors. A tooltip is displayed: "Please enter the index words separated by a".
```

> The field is multilanguage, can be translated to the needed languages which are in the shpo with a drop field on the right of the field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This field can be translated: When several languages are installed, a drop-down next to the field is displayed. It allows choosing in which language the field is displayed and customizing it according to the language. Disabled languages are displayed in the drop-down. There is no drop-down button when only one language is defined.
```

> By default this field has input in the field the following: "a|about|above|after|again|against|all|am|an|and|any|are|aren|as|at|be|because|been|before|being|below|between|both|but|by|can|cannot|could|couldn|did|didn|do|does|doesn|doing|don|down|during|each|few|for|from|further|had|hadn|has|hasn|have|haven|having|he|ll|her|here|hers|herself|him|himself|his|how|ve|if|in|into|is|isn|it|its|itself|let|me|more|most|mustn|my|myself|no|nor|not|of|off|on|once|only|or|other|ought|our|ours|ourselves|out|over|own|same|shan|she|should|shouldn|so|some|such|than|that|the|their|theirs|them|themselves|then|there|these|they|re|this|those|through|to|too|under|until|up|very|was|wasn|we|were|weren|what|when|where|which|while|who|whom|why|with|won|would|wouldn|you|your|yours|yourself|yourselves"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default value iof this field is: "a|about|above|after|again|against|all|am|an|and|any|are|aren|as|at|be|because|been|before|being|below|between|both|but|by|can|cannot|could|couldn|did|didn|do|does|doesn|doing|don|down|during|each|few|for|from|further|had|hadn|has|hasn|have|haven|having|he|ll|her|here|hers|herself|him|himself|his|how|ve|if|in|into|is|isn|it|its|itself|let|me|more|most|mustn|my|myself|no|nor|not|of|off|on|once|only|or|other|ought|our|ours|ourselves|out|over|own|same|shan|she|should|shouldn|so|some|such|than|that|the|their|theirs|them|themselves|then|there|these|they|re|this|those|through|to|too|under|until|up|very|was|wasn|we|were|weren|what|when|where|which|while|who|whom|why|with|won|would|wouldn|you|your|yours|yourself|yourselves"
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Multistore

In a multistore context, the options listed above have [checkboxes](https://github.com/PrestaShop/PrestaShop/issues/19369) and [specific settings drop-down](https://github.com/PrestaShop/PrestaShop/issues/19321), take a look at the conditions and specs [here](https://github.com/PrestaShop/prestashop-specs/blob/master/content/1.7/back-office/multistoregeneralspecs.md#checkboxes)
```

Reviewer: I reopen this suggestion, it's not solved

 # Weight
 
 PrestaShop enables to prioritize certain data when a search is performed on the shop.
 

>  The following information is presented in this section:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The following information is displayed in this section:
```

>  "The "weight" represents its importance and relevance for the ranking of the products when completing a new search.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 "The "weight" represents its importance and relevance for the ranking of the products when completing a new search."
```

> A word with a weight of eight will have four times more value than a word with a weight of two.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"A word with a weight of eight will have four times more value than a word with a weight of two."
```

> We advise you to set a greater weight for words which appear in the name or reference of a product. This will allow the search results to be as precise and relevant as possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"We advise you to set a greater weight for words which appear in the name or reference of a product. This will allow the search results to be as precise and relevant as possible."
```

> Setting a weight to 0 will exclude that field from search index. Re-build of the entire index is required when changing to or from 0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"Setting a weight to 0 will exclude that field from search index. Re-build of the entire index is required when changing to or from 0."
```

> First thing presented is a multistore toggle which can be turned "off" or "on".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
These multistore toggles will be removed with the migration, you just have to link the existing specs: see my suggestions about the multistore for each block

Reviewer: I reopen this suggestion, it's not solves

Has an explanation below:

> "Check / Uncheck all

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> You are editing this page for a specific shop or group. Click "Yes" to check all fields, "No" to uncheck all.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> If you check a field, change its value, and save, the multistore behavior will not apply to this shop (or group), for this particular parameter."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Below these are the fields that are presented:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following fields are displayed:
```

> 

Reviewer: Could you specify the default value for each field below?

 - Product name weight
 - Reference weight
 - Short description weight
 - Description weight
 - Category weight
 - Brand weight
 - Tags weight
 - Attributes weight
 - Features weight

> All these fields can only be filled with numbers, if any other character will be input, when trying to save it will show: "The Product name weight field is invalid."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only numbers can be entered in this field. When entering characters that are not numbers and when saving, the following error message is displayed: "The _name of the field_ field is invalid."
```

> All these fields can only be filled with numbers, if any other character will be input, when trying to save it will show: "The Product name weight field is invalid."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only numbers can be entered in this field. When entering characters that are not numbers and when saving, the following error message is displayed: "The _name of the field_ field is invalid."
```

>  # Multistore

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Multistore

In a multistore context, the options listed above have [checkboxes](https://github.com/PrestaShop/PrestaShop/issues/19369) and [specific settings drop-down](https://github.com/PrestaShop/PrestaShop/issues/19321), take a look at the conditions and specs [here](https://github.com/PrestaShop/prestashop-specs/blob/master/content/1.7/back-office/multistoregeneralspecs.md#checkboxes)
```

>  When multistore is enabled, almost every field/toggle in the indexing/search/weight sections gets a checkbox on the left of the field. If the checkbox is not marked near the wanted field, it is unavailable for editing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>  By default Indexing and search has toggle switch for multistore which is set to "no".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>  If the multistore toggle switch is set to "yes", then the toggle below "Indexing" is set to "yes", and the checkbox gets filled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>  Multistore toggle can be set to "no", if so, it's possible to enable only several wanted toggles by checking the checkboxes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

---
title: Search listing
weight: 1
---

# Search listing

The "Search" page allows configuring the shop's search features.

## Call to action
 
A call to actions is displayed in the header of this page:
 
  - Add new alias

> 👉 See the [specs of the add/edit alias](./add-edit-alias.md) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
👉 See the [specs of the add/edit alias]({{<ref "add-edit-alias.md">}} "Add/edit alias")
```

## Settings wheel

When clicking on the settings wheel, the following options are displayed:

1. Refresh list

After clicking on it, the page is reloaded. Sorts and searches are kept.

2. Import 

After clicking on it, the Advanced parameters > Import page is opened.

3. Show SQL query

After clicking on it, the SQL query is displayed in a modal. The SQL query takes into account filters and sorts that have been done.

There are two buttons:

- Close: After clicking on it, the modal is closed
- Export to SQL Manager: After clicking on it, the SQL query is opened in Advanced parameters > Database > SQL Manager

4. Export to SQL Manager

After clicking on it, the SQL query is opened in Advanced parameters > Database > SQL Manager

## Columns

 The page displays the aliases list with the following columns:

1. Aliases

Name of the aliases

2.  Search

Result of the alias 

3. Status

The alias can be enabled or disabled

> 5. Actions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Actions
```

- **Edit.** This is the main action and it can be performed by clicking on the line or on the button. 

> 👉 See the [specs of the add/edit alias](./add-edit-alias.md) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
👉 See the [specs of the add/edit alias]({{<ref "add-edit-alias.md">}} "Add/edit alias")
```

After clicking on "Delete" button, the selected aliases are deleted, a successful message is displayed "The selection has been successfully deleted."

 ## Search
 
The search button is disabled as long as there are less than 2 aliases in the list. 

A search can be done by aliases, search, and status (drop-down menu).
It's possible to sort the list by aliases or by search in an ascending or descending way.
After clicking on "search", the "search" button is disabled and a "reset" button is displayed.
If there is no results for the search done, the following message is displayed: "No records found".
When clicking on "reset", the search is removed and all the results are displayed.

## Multistore

While creating or editing an alias, it's added or edited for all shops (no matter the context selected). So, the list displays all the aliases, no matter the context selected.

> 👉 See [the specs](../../../../../../broader-topics/multistorespecialsspecs.md#list-of-pages-for-specific-case-2-add-new-pages-without-shop-association-block)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
👉 See the [specs]({{<ref "../../../broader-topics/multistorespecialsspecs.md#list-of-pages-for-specific-case-2-add-new-pages-without-shop-association-block">}})
```

  # Indexing
 
This section provides information on the number of products that can be searched through the shop's search bar of the front office, and compares it to the number of products present in the catalog.

Firstly, an explanation is displayed: "The "indexed" products have been analyzed by PrestaShop and will appear in the results of a front office search."
The number of products indexed and the number of products in the shop is displayed: "Indexed products 18 / 18." (the number depends on the products which are indexed and which are in the shop).

Below, the following message is displayed: "Building the product index may take a few minutes. If your server stops before the process ends, you can resume the indexing by clicking "Add missing products to the index"."

Below there are 2 links that performs the following actions when clicked:

>  -"Add missing products to the index" : only the new products will be indexed. After clicking on it, the page is refreshed, and the following message is displayed: "Successful update."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - "Add missing products to the index" : only the new products will be indexed. After clicking on it, the page is refreshed, and the following message is displayed: "Successful update."
```

 - "Re-build the entire index": when clicking on it, all the products are indexed (and not only the missing ones compared to the previous link)

Below, the following message is displayed : "You can set a cron job that will rebuild your index using the following URL:" 

A link to the AdminSearch controller is displayed: "http://localhost/presta1781/admin/index.php?controller=AdminSearch&action=searchCron&ajax=1&full=1&token=yruOjDwR&id_shop=1" (the link depends on the shop domain name and admin folder's name)

Below, a toggle "Indexing" allows to enable or disable the automatic indexing of the products.

The following help text is displayed under the toggle: "Enable the automatic indexing of products. By default the toggle is enabled. If you enable this feature, the products will be indexed in the search automatically when they are saved. If the feature is disabled, you will have to index products manually by using the links provided in the field set."

## Multistore

> In a multistore context, the options listed above have [checkboxes](https://github.com/PrestaShop/PrestaShop/issues/19369) and [specific settings drop-down](https://github.com/PrestaShop/PrestaShop/issues/19321), take a look at the conditions and specs [here](https://github.com/PrestaShop/prestashop-specs/blob/master/content/1.7/back-office/multistoregeneralspecs.md#checkboxes)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a multistore context, the options listed above have [checkboxes](https://github.com/PrestaShop/PrestaShop/issues/19369) and [specific settings drop-down](https://github.com/PrestaShop/PrestaShop/issues/19321), take a look at the conditions and specs [here]({{<ref "../../multistoregeneralspecs.md#checkboxes">}} "checkboxes") 

```

A tooltip is displayed: "Please enter the index words separated by a".
This field can be translated: When several languages are installed, a drop-down next to the field is displayed. It allows choosing in which language the field is displayed and customizing it according to the language. Disabled languages are displayed in the drop-down. There is no drop-down button when only one language is defined.
The default value of this field is: "a|about|above|after|again|against|all|am|an|and|any|are|aren|as|at|be|because|been|before|being|below|between|both|but|by|can|cannot|could|couldn|did|didn|do|does|doesn|doing|don|down|during|each|few|for|from|further|had|hadn|has|hasn|have|haven|having|he|ll|her|here|hers|herself|him|himself|his|how|ve|if|in|into|is|isn|it|its|itself|let|me|more|most|mustn|my|myself|no|nor|not|of|off|on|once|only|or|other|ought|our|ours|ourselves|out|over|own|same|shan|she|should|shouldn|so|some|such|than|that|the|their|theirs|them|themselves|then|there|these|they|re|this|those|through|to|too|under|until|up|very|was|wasn|we|were|weren|what|when|where|which|while|who|whom|why|with|won|would|wouldn|you|your|yours|yourself|yourselves"

## Multistore

> In a multistore context, the options listed above have [checkboxes](https://github.com/PrestaShop/PrestaShop/issues/19369) and [specific settings drop-down](https://github.com/PrestaShop/PrestaShop/issues/19321), take a look at the conditions and specs [here](https://github.com/PrestaShop/prestashop-specs/blob/master/content/1.7/back-office/multistoregeneralspecs.md#checkboxes)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a multistore context, the options listed above have [checkboxes](https://github.com/PrestaShop/PrestaShop/issues/19369) and [specific settings drop-down](https://github.com/PrestaShop/PrestaShop/issues/19321), take a look at the conditions and specs [here]({{<ref "../../multistoregeneralspecs.md#checkboxes">}} "checkboxes") 
```

"A word with a weight of eight will have four times more value than a word with a weight of two."

"We advise you to set a greater weight for words which appear in the name or reference of a product. This will allow the search results to be as precise and relevant as possible."

"Setting a weight to 0 will exclude that field from search index. Re-build of the entire index is required when changing to or from 0."

The following fields are displayed:

 - Product name weight: The default value for this field is 6
 - Reference weight: The default value for this field is 10
 - Short description weight: The default value for this field is 1
 - Description weight: The default value for this field is 1
 - Category weight: The default value for this field is 3
 - Brand weight: The default value for this field is 3
 - Tags weight: The default value for this field is 4
 - Attributes weight: The default value for this field is 2
 - Features weight: The default value for this field is 2

Only numbers can be entered in this field. When entering characters that are not numbers and when saving, the following error message is displayed: "The _name of the field_ field is invalid."

## Multistore
 

>  In a multistore context, the options listed above have [checkboxes](https://github.com/PrestaShop/PrestaShop/issues/19369) and [specific settings drop-down](https://github.com/PrestaShop/PrestaShop/issues/19321), take a look at the conditions and specs [here](https://github.com/PrestaShop/prestashop-specs/blob/master/content/1.7/back-office/multistoregeneralspecs.md#checkboxes)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 In a multistore context, the options listed above have [checkboxes](https://github.com/PrestaShop/PrestaShop/issues/19369) and [specific settings drop-down](https://github.com/PrestaShop/PrestaShop/issues/19321), take a look at the conditions and specs [here]({{<ref "../../multistoregeneralspecs.md#checkboxes">}} "checkboxes") 
```

>  While creating or editing an alias, it's added or edited for all shops (no matter the context selected). So, the list displays all the aliases, no matter the context selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 👉 See [the specs](../../../../../../broader-topics/multistorespecialsspecs.md#list-of-pages-for-specific-case-2-add-new-pages-without-shop-association-block) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
